Documentation Refactor (#82)
confused-Techie/atom-backend: docs/reference/glossary.md

> Since so many terms are thrown around in the documentation and comments within the codebase below is a short glossary to ensure everyone is talking about the same thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Glossary

Since so many terms are thrown around in the documentation and comments within the codebase below is a short glossary to ensure everyone is talking about the same thing.
```

* Original Atom Server / Atom.io Server: The Backend Package Repository Server that was built, maintianed, and sunset by Atom/GitHub/Microsoft. This server we have no access to, and has no source available. We are only able to learn about it by interactions with it, and the interactions baked into the source code of tools that rely on it.

> * Atom Backend / Pulsar Backend: The new Open Source creation of the Package Repository Server. Where within Pulsar envirvonments it's refferred to simply as the Pulsar Package Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Atom Backend / Pulsar Backend: The new Open Source creation of the Package Repository Server. Where within Pulsar environments it's referred to simply as the Pulsar Package Repository.
```
